Quantile values based only on the 1km square used in the study.: in discussion.


Make it clear what the new contribution is to the literature.
At the beginning, setup the objectvies are a clear new contribution, make sure it links to what i have achieved.
Make sure accessibility links well.
Discussion, talk more about my method, less about accessibility, compare with other studies, say why mine is better etc.
Say 

Applications, what transport will need road condtiions.

discussion: rural mixture of rich and poor, young and elderly need access. existing public transport under pressure osterity. more intelligent rural road network. Link to what I have produced.

model validation, assumptions. Comparisons talk about in discussion. Sensitivity analysis.


## paul email

    I'm very happy with the general level of technical sophistication; for sure no more computation is required

 

    Although reasonably well written, at present the writing lacks the general flow and polish of your normal submissions, so some work to do here. In my annotations I flag some, but not all, instances of where a bit more polish is required.

 

    As per our discussion of yesterday, be clearer throughout what the key goals/contributions of your dissn are. At present there is some divergence between what is proposed and what is achieved in various places

 

    A few points in the methodology could do with a little more clarification, not least how perpendicular to road direction is identified, which appears not be explained at all at present. First sentence of section 4.2 seems to give clearest statement of what is innovative about your dissn.

 

    Be more careful in your use of the words 'road', 'road section' etc. in the write-up. Perhaps provide a version of Fig 1 in which the 'roads' (really sections of road between road junctions) are identified and numbered.

 

    Somewhere in the dissn, list and define and explain how measured all of the variables used to create your RQI. (This kind of happens at present, but not in a fully explicit way)

 

    Ensure that all table and figures only appear AFTER they are first mentioned in the text; otherwise the reader is left wondering if they missed something

 

    As already discussed, Section 5.2.2 is way too long and tangential to actual focus of dissn. Could be made more relevant by explaining that travel time is important for rural residents to access various services; that travel time <> road dist times max road speed; that rural roads may lack sufficient traffic to generate reliable average road speed data; that in any case average road speed may be excessive and, therefore, misleading; that emergency and public transport vehicles are wider than standard passenger vehicles, so may need to travel slower down narrow roads; that your method provides a first step to identifying safe speeds given vehicle width by assessing road width, leaving as a future project line-of-sight / stopping distance element of road assessment.


